add schema v3.0 private beta sign-up (#21282)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/service_catalog/adding_metadata.md

## Metadata structure and supported versions

> {{< callout url="https://forms.gle/L5zXVkKr5bAzbdMD9" d_target="#signupModal" btn_hidden="true" btn_hidden="false" header="Opt in to the private beta for metadata schema v3.0!" >}}
> This new schema version adds a `kind` field that supports schemas for additional components types including applications, queues, datastores, internal and external libraries. Any components within an `application` will implicitly inherit the metadata of the `application` entity. Furthermore, this version supports manual declaration of dependency relationships in addition to the auto-detected topology via Distributed Tracing and Universal Service Monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< callout url="https://forms.gle/L5zXVkKr5bAzbdMD9" d_target="#signupModal" btn_hidden="false" header="Opt in to the private beta for metadata schema v3.0!" >}}
v3.0 adds a <code>kind</code> field that supports schemas for additional component types including applications, internal and external libraries, queues, and datastores. Any components within an <code>application</code> implicitly inherit its metadata. Furthermore, this version supports manually declaring dependency relationships, in addition to the auto-detected topology through Distributed Tracing and Universal Service Monitoring.
```
